# faire-test

--------------------------------- Repository Pattern ---------------------------------------------

The WeatherRepositoryImpl class implements the WeatherRepository interface, which is an example of
the repository pattern. This pattern helps to separate the data access logic from the rest of the
application, making it easier to maintain and change the data sources in the future.

The WeatherRepositoryImpl also uses a Retrofit instance to create instances of the WeatherService
class, which provides a convenient API for accessing weather data. The getWeather method of the
class uses withContext from the Coroutines library to switch to the Dispatchers.IO context, which is
optimized for input/output operations. This ensures that the method runs smoothly and doesn't block
the UI thread.

Overall, the use of the repository pattern and the WeatherRepositoryImpl class provides a clean and
flexible way to access weather data, improving the maintainability and testability of the
application.

-------------------------------------- API Service -------------------------------------------------

The WeatherService interface provides a convenient way to access weather data from a remote source.
It utilizes the Retrofit library, which makes it easy to send network requests and handle responses.

The getWeather method is the main function of the interface. It retrieves weather data from the
specified endpoint using a GET request. The method returns an instance of the WeatherResponse class,
which represents the data received from the server.

The method uses the suspend keyword, which makes it possible to pause the execution of the function
while waiting for the network request to complete. This is beneficial because it allows the main
thread to continue running, making the application more responsive.

In summary, the WeatherService interface provides a straightforward way to access weather data,
taking advantage of the Retrofit library and the asynchronous capabilities of the Kotlin language.

--------------------------------- Dependency Injection ---------------------------------------------

The WeatherModule is a crucial part of the application's architecture, responsible for managing the
dependencies between different components. By using the Koin library, we can define the module and
its dependencies in a concise and organized manner.

The module is defined using the module function from Koin, which provides a convenient syntax for
declaring dependencies. Within the module, we define several blocks of dependencies using the single
and factory functions from Koin.

The single function is used to define a singleton instance of the Retrofit library. This means that
there will only be one instance of Retrofit created for the entire application, which can be reused
whenever needed.

The factory function is used to define factory functions that create instances of various
components. For example, we use the factory function to create instances of the WeatherRepository
and ConnectivityManager interfaces, as well as the WeatherViewModel class. These factory functions
allow us to control the creation of instances and to easily manage dependencies between components.

In summary, the WeatherModule is an essential component of the application, providing a centralized
and organized way to manage dependencies between different parts of the code. This makes the code
more maintainable and easier to change in the future.

----------------------------------------- Model ----------------------------------------------------

In this part of the architecture, we are defining some data classes and functions that are used to
map between different representations of weather information.

The WeatherResponse data class is used to represent the response from the API when requesting
weather information.

The ConsolidatedWeather data class is used to represent consolidated information about the weather
for a particular date.

The Weather data class is a simplified version of WeatherResponse, used to represent the weather
information in a more convenient format.

The WeatherMapper file contains functions used to map between the WeatherResponse and Weather data
classes. It also defines a function toInfo which is used to convert the Weather object into a
WeatherInfo object, which contains additional information about the current and tomorrow's weather.

This mapping and conversion of weather information allows us to work with the information in a more
manageable format, making it easier to display and manipulate the data as needed.

--------------------------------- Connectivity Management ------------------------------------------

The StandardConnectivityManager class serves as an implementation of the ConnectivityManager
interface. It provides a simple way to check if there is an active internet connection by using the
ConnectivityManager system service from Android's context. The implementation checks if the active
network information from the ConnectivityManager service is connected or not, and returns the result
accordingly. This allows the app to determine if a network connection is available for making API
requests and handling data accordingly.

-------------------------------------- Coroutines --------------------------------------------------

The CoroutineScopeExt is used as a convenient helper method for launching coroutines within a
ViewModel while handling exceptions. The function safeLaunch can be called within the scope of a
ViewModel and provides a way to specify a block of code to be executed as a coroutine while also
receiving an error callback to handle any exceptions that might occur during the execution of the
coroutine. This can help simplify the handling of errors and allow us to focus on the logic within
the coroutine block, rather than having to write try-catch blocks every time a coroutine is
launched.

The main advantage of using Coroutines is that they are lightweight and efficient. They allow you to
run multiple tasks simultaneously, making your code more responsive and faster. Additionally,
Coroutines make it easy to handle exceptions, as they provide a built-in mechanism for handling
exceptions that occur during a task. This means that you can handle exceptions in a central place,
rather than having to add exception handling code to every part of your code that makes a network
request. Furthermore, the use of Coroutines makes the code more readable and easier to maintain, as
it eliminates the need for callbacks and nested callbacks, making it easier to see the flow of the
code.

------------------------------------ Feedback Builder ----------------------------------------------

The Feedback class uses a builder pattern to create its instances. The builder pattern is a design
pattern that allows for creating objects step by step. In this case, the Feedback class has a
private constructor, so it can only be created through the Builder class. This way, the developer
can chain the calls to setTitle and setMessage and then call build to obtain the Feedback object.

Using the builder pattern in this way has some benefits. First, it allows for optional parameters
when creating the object, since the title and message can be set independently. Second, it provides
a clean and readable syntax, as the object construction is separated from the object creation.
Finally, it promotes immutability, since once the object is created, its properties cannot be
changed.

--------------------------------------- LiveData ---------------------------------------------------

The LiveDataExt defines two functions that allow you to interact with a LiveData object in a more
concise and intuitive way. The first function, observe, enables you to observe changes to a LiveData
object and perform an action when a change occurs. The second function, emit, enables you to emit a
new value to a LiveData object. I used this emit function to handle the ViewStates, so I will speak
more about that when the subject would be ViewStates.

The observe function takes a LifecycleOwner and a LiveData as input, and allows you to specify an
action to perform when the data changes. This approach is more readable and concise compared to
using the traditional observe method provided by the Android framework, which requires you to write
a separate Observer object.

The emit function is specifically designed to work with MutableLiveData. The function requires that
the LiveData object being passed is a MutableLiveData, and will raise an error if it isn't. This
ensures that you are only able to emit values to a LiveData object if it's mutable, which aligns
with the recommended best practices for working with LiveData.

By using these functions, you can make your code more readable and maintainable, which can help
improve your overall development experience.

--------------------------------------- ViewModel --------------------------------------------------

The WeatherViewModel class is used to manage the weather information in the app. By using a
ViewModel, the data can survive configuration changes and be kept separate from the UI.

The class utilizes LiveData and MutableLiveData objects to allow the UI to observe changes in the
weather information and state, and update accordingly. The connectivityManager is used to check the
device's network status, which helps determine the cause of any errors that may occur during the
weather data fetch.

In summary, the WeatherViewModel class provides a centralized and organized way to manage the
weather information and its state, while allowing the UI to stay up to date.

--------------------------------------- ViewState --------------------------------------------------

I created a sealed class called WeatherViewState that models the different states that a weather
view can be in. By using a sealed class, we're able to define a fixed set of possible states that
the view can be in. This helps us keep our code organized and maintain better control over the
different states the view can be in.

The four subclasses of WeatherViewState represent the different states the view can be in. For
example, if the weather data is currently being loaded, the view's state would be Loading. If an
error occurs while loading the weather data, the state would be Error. If a network error occurs,
the state would include information about the error in the form of a Throwable object, and the state
would be NetworkError. And if the weather data is successfully loaded, the state would be Success
and include the loaded WeatherInfo data.

--------------------------------------- Error Handling ---------------------------------------------

The ErrorHandlerExt contains two functions that enhance the functionality of the Feedback.Builder
class. By using extension functions, we're able to add new behavior to the class without having to
modify its source code.

The networkError function creates a new Feedback object with a specific title and message for
network errors. The title and message are obtained from the app's resource file. This function makes
it easy to create Feedback objects for network error scenarios.

The genericError function is similar to networkError but sets the title and message based on a
different set of string resources.

By encapsulating the process of setting the title and message, we're able to simplify the code and
make it more readable and maintainable. These functions provide a clear and concise way to handle
different error scenarios in the app.

--------------------------------------- FeedbackView -----------------------------------------------

The FeedbackView is a custom View that extends the ConstraintLayout class. The purpose of this class
is to display feedback data in a specific format.

The FeedbackView class takes in three parameters in its constructor: context, attrs, and
defStyleAttr. The context parameter is used to access information about the environment the view is
being displayed in, while the attrs and defStyleAttr parameters allow the view to be styled using
XML attributes.

The FeedbackView class contains two member variables, title and message, which represent the two
TextViews that display the feedback data. These TextViews are inflated and retrieved in the init
block using the View.inflate method and the findViewById method, respectively.

The setFeedback method allows the user to set the feedback data that will be displayed by the view.
This method takes in an instance of the Feedback Builder, which is expected to contain the title and
message of the feedback. The setTitle and setMessage methods are then used to set the text of the
title and message TextViews, respectively.

Overall, the FeedbackView class is responsible for treat everything regarding visualization, while
the Feedback Builder treats the data. It provides a clean and organized way to display feedback data
in a specific format, allowing for easy reuse and customization of the feedback display in the
future.



